Chen Fang thanks to you this time
Otherwise the school may be demolished
What do you mean?
You have helped me so much.
Is this appropriate?
Hey, do you have time on weekends?
Can you accompany me home?
Are you going to see your parents so soon?
I'm not ready yet.
What are you talking about?
There has been a problem with my house recently.
I would like you to help me go back and have a look.
Oh.
And what does your family do?
My father is the chairperson of Longpai Airlines
Mainly American Airlines
It's 911 next month
Go on like this
Sooner or later it will go bankrupt
What? Don't you want to?
Oh, no, no, no.
How could I not want to?
After all, we are classmates
It is also necessary to help each other.
Who said it's just a classmate relationship?
Aren't you a classmate?
Oops you know
I'm not going to talk to you anymore.
You can go. Okay.
Sit down, let's go
This is really going to meet your father's wife
I'm sure I'm a little nervous
No, my dad is a nice guy
Dad, let me introduce a friend to you to meet Chen Feng
He is awesome!
Exceptionally good at investing
He wants to communicate with you. Stay away from my daughter.
Dad, what did you say?